### Import from Id
The repo of iD must be at same root as OsmGo repo

git clone https://github.com/openstreetmap/iD.git

### Import from name-suggestion-index
The repo of iD must be at same root as OsmGo repo

git clone https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index.git


### Import translation  from iD
node addTranslationFromiD.js {code_country} o 

node addTranslationFromiD.js fr
node addTranslationFromiD.js de
node addTranslationFromiD.js es
node addTranslationFromiD.js pt
node addTranslationFromiD.js it
node addTranslationFromiD.js ru
node addTranslationFromiD.js ast
node addTranslationFromiD.js bg
node addTranslationFromiD.js bn
node addTranslationFromiD.js bs
node addTranslationFromiD.js ca
node addTranslationFromiD.js cs
node addTranslationFromiD.js cy
node addTranslationFromiD.js da
node addTranslationFromiD.js dv
node addTranslationFromiD.js el
node addTranslationFromiD.js eo
node addTranslationFromiD.js et
node addTranslationFromiD.js fa
node addTranslationFromiD.js fi
node addTranslationFromiD.js gl
node addTranslationFromiD.js he
node addTranslationFromiD.js hr
node addTranslationFromiD.js hu
node addTranslationFromiD.js id
node addTranslationFromiD.js is
node addTranslationFromiD.js ja
node addTranslationFromiD.js ko
node addTranslationFromiD.js lt
node addTranslationFromiD.js lv
node addTranslationFromiD.js mk
node addTranslationFromiD.js ms
node addTranslationFromiD.js nl
node addTranslationFromiD.js no
node addTranslationFromiD.js pl
node addTranslationFromiD.js ro
node addTranslationFromiD.js sk
node addTranslationFromiD.js sl
node addTranslationFromiD.js sr
node addTranslationFromiD.js sv
node addTranslationFromiD.js tr
node addTranslationFromiD.js uk
node addTranslationFromiD.js vi
node addTranslationFromiD.js yue
node addTranslationFromiD.js zh-CN
node addTranslationFromiD.js zh-HK
node addTranslationFromiD.js zh-TW